Monk Xuanzang of Tang-Dynasty China went west into India in search of Buddist Sutras
His pilgrimage initiated the close ties between the two kingdoms
Later Tang China sent his envoy Wang Xuance to India
He made a remarkable contribution
to the development of relations and cultural exchanges between China and India
In AD 647
Arunasva, leader of Magadha Kingdom's elephant legion in India
attempted to seize the throne and make himself king
On Wang's second mission to India
Arunasva led his army to waylay...
I am General Bhima
here to rescue you by the command of Her Highness Gitanjali
Get on the horse
Ambassador, Arunasva has attacked Magadha and the city of Rājagaha has fallen
General Bhima shall escort you back to the Great Tang Empire to request military aid
along with some valuables and treasures as tributes
General, the fate of Magadha is now in your hands
General, we have crossed the border of the Tang Dynasty
Ahead of us lies a frozen lake
I am afraid it cannot support our weight
Please wait for me here
I'll go ahead to find a safe way to pass
Wang Xuance safely crossed the frozen lake
When he looked back
he saw only a vast expanse of whiteness
Bhima and his men had disappeared
Everything seemed like a dream
Later, Wang Xuance, aided by troops from Tibet
returned to Magadha
to defeat Arunasva and his 3000-strong elephant legion
creating the military miracle of defeating a country by one man
But what about Bhima and the treasures of Magadha?
Where had they gone?
Until his death, Wang had no answer
Wang wrote a memoir called A Journey to Central India
narrating the events during his mission to India
Later...
- In his next lecture, Professor will explain          - class dismissed
how Wang Xuance single-handedly overturned a country
Roll-call will be taken. Please don't be tardy
Tutor, let me help you
No, I can do it. Thanks
Miss
We can pack these artifacts ourselves
You can leave now
Bye bye!
You are more popular than these artifacts
Replicas... only replicas
Pigments on Terracotta warriors are mostly natural minerals
Red is cinnabar and green is malachite
Blue is azurite and purple is barium copper silicate
This reagent can accurately show the mineral's compositions and color
and will not damage the Terracotta warrrior
Come over here
This is the result of our latest research
You will find color restoration much easier
- Hello, director              - Hello, everyone
Jack's discovery
is an enormous achievement for our institute
- Yeah                - You can go back to your work
Yes
What's up? Tell me
I just love your no-nonsense style
Let's go... to your studio
To my studio?
Why to my studio?
Let me tell you
From the Palace Museum Research Institute of Rajasthan India
a lady PhD has come
Lady PhD from India?
obviouly to seek after your color restoration technique
Jack
This is Dr Ashmita from the Palace Museum Research Institute
of Rajasthan India
Nice to meet you, Professor Chan
Your reputation precedes you
Your continuing research about the Kingdom of Magadha
has filled a gap between China and India
Thank you so much
Just call me Jack
Jack
Doctor, how are you?
I'm good, thank you
I'm Zhu Xiaoguang, Professor Chan's TA
You're Zhu Xiaoguang?
Your thesis is absolutely brilliant
You've seen my thesis?
We published it together
My name is Nuomin. Welcome to China
Hi, Nuomin
Welcome
Our work is nothing without Professor Chan
Of course
Professor, your research into Magadha is impeccable
However, I have an important clue that might help you
Please
Look at your ears!
They are red!
This is the map left behind by General Bhima
I believe that the lost army and the treasure they were protecting
are somewhere on this map
Where did you get this?
This was passed down in my family
This map is a thousand years old and is badly damaged
I can't tell anything
Let's give it a try
Xiaoguang, be careful with it
Yes
See if it can be restored
Okay
The reason I came here
is to invite you to explore and solve this thousand-year-old mystery with me
We could increase the cooperation in archaeological research between China and India
It would also be inline with the "One Belt, One Road" policy
So well said!
Ashmita, your tremendous political awareness surprised me
Our professor Chan is the best archaeologist in our country
- So regarding this exploration             - No, no, no, just one of them
He is the only choice
I'd better get going. Goodbye
Director!
By the way
Ashmita
Jack's guest room here
is very comfortable
Okay
Director!
This thing... throw it away
I will get you a new one
See you
Bye bye
Goodbye, director
Nice guy
So, let me show you to your room?
Sure
These holes are caused by worms or they stand for lakes?
or they stand for lakes?
We will find out in a minute
She seems to have known we possess this technology
And now, for you right leg up over your head...
It's too hard for me
Xiaoguang, move over
Your turn
Cool!
Can I join?
There are many yoga fans in China
Good, very good
So much
- Thank you, professor            - Good job, professor
This is nothing compared to Yoga practice
- I learn from her                 - Enjoy it
You won't be joining us?
No, I've been fasting lately
I'll just have some of this
So, you're into fasting over here as well
Yeah, Chinese fasting is very similar to Indian...
Au revoir (French: Goodbye)
You mean Upavasa (Fasting)?
Au revoir (Goodbye)
Upavasa (Fasting)
Bon appetit
So, does he always cook like this for you?
First time
Xiaoguang, look
Is he always so energetic?
First time
- Did you see that?                    - First time!
Let's go to see this chap
who is the son of my good friend
My friend spent his life
searching for the Magadha Treasures
His son might have kept those findings after he died
Jones
Uncle Jack
Skip uncle, just call me Jack
Jack
Look at you. Haven't seen you all these years
Now you look just like your dad
When I was small
didn't you say I looked better than my dad?
You are a smart-aleck like your dad for sure
No, I am not like him. You are both archaeologists
I am only a treasure hunter
Your dad also thought he was hunting for treasures
It seems you want to finish off what he started
On the phone you said you had a nice surprise for me
What was it?
Come with me
Jones, the son of a good friend
- Hello!                     - This is Dr. Ashmita
It's a real pleasure
Nice to meet you
- Jones, this is my...                      - Let me guess
you must be Dr. Ashmita's assistant?
Teaching assistant
May I have the pleasure of knowing your name?
I'm Kyra
That's a very pretty name, Kyra
Thank you
Look at you
Your face is turning red
Professor
My assistant
How are you? I am Nuomin
- Nice to meet                          - Hi!
Where is Xiaoguang?
Xiaoguang!
Hi, I am Xiaoguang
The treasure your father looked for throughout his life
This is the map
Professor brought it from India
Really?
Wait...
If you want to have a good look at it
we can work together
Archaeology... treasure hunting
You are not hunting treasures
You raid tombs, which is illegal
What did you guys just say?
You think about it
This is the chance
to prove your father gave his life for something more than just a legend
Here we are
This gold coin was found by my father on these very river banks some ten years ago
He led an exploration team down this river
but unfortunately, he was the only one who returned
See, my old man always believed
this gold coin was somehow connected to the Magadha treasures. But...
I've been doing years of research, and I still haven't found the missing link
May I have a look at it?
Please
Thank you
It's not just a gold coin
This is Bhima's family emblem
You see these three holes?
This is for attaching it to the armor
This must have belonged to General Bhima!
When General Bhima and Wang Xuance got separated in the snowstorm
Bhima and his men took shelter in a cave
however an avalanche hit and they all got trapped inside
General Bhima must have escaped and then drawn the map!
If this is true, it should be upstream from here
Xiaoguang, you two check the nearby water temperature
Yes, professor
Okay
Let's go up to see which mountain is avalanche prone
- Okay?                        - Okay
Let's go
Xiaoguang, scan the surrounding terrain
Well, according to your coordinates
it's just three hours upstream
and you'll find the entrance to the Twin Dragon River underwater passage
This is as far as the drone can go
You're on your own now
Keep it up!
- And be safe                   - Good luck!
Xiaoguang, we are near the headstream of Twin Dragon River
Got it
This is it
Xiaoguang, we arrived
Great!
Little yellow fish, let's see what you can do
Here we go
Oh my God!
That is so cool!
Yah!
Let's get her in the water
Okay
Professor
These are images of the underground river sent back by Jones' robofish
Stop
Look
There's a space above the surface
Yeah
Can you find its location?
Yes
Uncle Jack
Under the blue banner is the subterranean space I discovered
About 1 km away from the outlet of Twin Dragon River's underground water
If Bhima really came out of there
he must have been under the freezing water at least 7 minutes
That's impossible, without diving gear
No
it's the Fetal Breath-Holding technique in yoga
Don't forget, before we were born
we all spent nine months in our mothers' bellies
It's not that human beings can't survive under water
it's just that we've forgotten our ability to do so
World champion free divers can hold their breath for more than eight minutes
They all practice Yoga
Hi. Jack
Long time no see. What gives?
Want to ask you for a favor
What is it?
I am in the Kunlun mountains
Near the border of China and India?
Right
What do you need?
To drill a hole
A hole for oil?
No, not oil hole. Ice
Ice hole? We happen to have new equipment for that.
I might have found some treasures
Treasures of what?
Of ancient India's Magadha Kingdom
You wouldn't know it. We'll talk more when you get here
- Okay, see you in three days          - Good
What else?
Maybe a massage
If only we could put in some chili
Professor, this Tibetan tea smells really good
Try it
- Thanks                  - You are welcome
Thanks
- It smells really good                 - Thank you
Hey, can you hear it?
The alpha wolf
is calling his mates
Where?
Don't move
Right behind you
I see them. Two over there
The rest are behind the glacier
Jones,
come
Where are going?
Meet the wolves
We must strike before they do...Xiaoguang
hold the fort
I am in charge now?
It sounds like fun
I am going too
Remember
Wait up!
We must be meaner than them
Where are they going?
They are looking for wolves
We are on their turf now
Wolves' turf!
We are here to show force
Show force!
Kid
Remember the kungfu I taught you?
Sure, even the verbal formulas
Say them to me
Heart, mind, energy merge to become 3 internal unions
Fist/Foot, elbow/knee, shoulder/hip merge as 3 external unions
Avoid long-range raids and attack only within striking distance
Hit where needed without forewarning
Knowing the formulas is not enough
Have you been practising?
Sometimes
Sometimes means no. Why not?
Couldn't find a worthy partner
Just listen to yourself
This is why I think you are like your dad
I practise with you to show the wolves
Okay
I teach you another formula
When upper body moves, the lower echoes
- Upper body moves...          - Here it comes!
Quite firm!
Impressive!
Come!
When lower body moves, the upper leads
Also
When upper and lower bodies move, waist moves forward
When waist moves, the upper and lower bodies conform
Let your body and the enviroment be one
Strike with accuracy
Move with swiftness
Kid!
What was that move?
"Use your brain"
Good
Hit the throat at the top and the groin at the bottom
You did just the opposite!
Sorry, I got mixed up
Be ready to attack someone in the distance
or someone...
Loosen up
...close by
You say one thing and do another
I'd rather you just fight and keep your mouth shut
Kid, you did okay
Stand up
Chinese kungfu has its roots deep in the Chinese culture
There is a lot for you to learn
When I go back, I should also read up
The wolf is eyeing me. You two come and fight here
Never mind him. Let's go
Where are you going?
Wait for me!
Let's go
You leave him there?
Don't worry. He will find a way down
Xiaoguang, I told you to keep an eye on them
Professor, since you went to catch the wolves
I asked them to make a few snowmen
to scare the wolves off
- Scare the wolves?           - Yes, scare wolves
- Yes               - Wolves are coming. Help!
Quick!
Grab snowballs! Go!
Wolves are coming!
Scare them away! Go!
They are at my butt, hurry!
One, two, three!
Your thigh alone can feed the whole pack of wolves
for three years!
Ashmita's in China and it looks like they found the location
So, the men are keeping a very close eye on them
By the grace of God
we'll finally get that which is rightfully ours
And the honor of our ancestors will be restored...
...once and for all!
Higher!
It's incredible
Yeah
That's unbelievable
Amazing
Modern technology really rocks
Careful
Watch out
Good luck
I will be fine
Watch your head
It's beautiful down here
Bring the equipment down
Yes, copy that. Right away
Found the vanished Magadha treasures for the Tang Dynasty in AD647
The location is about 30 meters under the ice surface
inside a huge ice cave
Another tremendous discovery of yours
Congratulations
You are a part of it
Hands up! Stop
Move it! Get over there!
Watch it
The melted water from the glaciers
in the course of its movement
creates an ice lake
This is an englacial river
Through this river
we found this site
General Bhima and his men must have found this cave while...
...taking shelter from that snow storm
The avalanche hit
they all got trapped inside
With the clothes they were wearing
would have frozen to death in no time
What is this thing?
I may have found the remains of the Magadha soldiers
Hold it for me
No
Take it
For archaeologists, this is nothing to be afraid of
No big deal!
What did you see?
The bodies are still intact because they are frozen
Are you scared?
I am here. Nothing to be afraid of
It's real gold
This is Magadha gold coin
Kyra
What's that piece of ice you're trying to kill?
It's just Bhima's... headrest
His headrest?
Thirteen cases of gold!
Don't move!
Get down!
No one fires!
Get up!
Come here!
Easy
Some call it "destiny"
Some may call it "meant to be"
But I call it...
I make it happen
Who's he?
It's not important for you to know who I am
What's important is
to know that everything here belongs to my ancestors
Who's this guy?
He's the 79th...
Don't get into the history
Get into the facts, and...
Everything here belongs to the Gitanjali family
No!
Everything here
according to the law, belongs to the government
In here, I'm the government
Bring all the treasure up
Tie them up
and let them freeze to death
Yes boss!
Go! Go! Go!
Jack!
Put that gun away!
He's just a professor
Go! Go!
Come!
What are you hiding?
Nothing
- Check her out     - Okay
Go! Go!
Give it to me
- Go! Go! Go!        - Okay
Jones!
Stop! Don't move!
My God!
Thanks
- Come on         - Okay
Stop right there!
Make sure no one comes out alive
- Yes, boss!                  - Seal them off
Professor, we will freeze to death
Xiaoguang, there's a knife next to you
Grab it with your teeth
Toss it to me
Are... are you sure?
Archaeologists often deal with human remains
What's to fear? He's been dead for 1300 years
I am thinking of finding a new job
No need!
Yoga
Can you do it?
Of course!
My arm... don't do it
Jack
Yes?
Let the breath move up the spine
from the perineum to the third eye
Let your lungs fill with air
but focus on the third eye
Now release the breath
Let it flow back down the spine
Feel the spine guide the body
Inhale...
...Exhale
Got it?
Not really
I'll do it my own way
Okay
After you
Come on, Jack
Just... just one more step
Jack! Jack! Jack!
You okay? What?
Jack! What? Your stomach?
Jack! What? Yes! Okay!
Okay!
Okay! I'm going to look for help
Just stay
I'll be back
Professor Chan
The results indicate that your health is back to normal
Yet we recommend a few more days of in-hospital observation
Okay, thank you
You are welcome
Professor Chan
Director Liu is here
- Professor Chan           - Director Liu, good to see you
Please sit
Professor Chan
You found the Magadha treasures en route to Tang Dynasty
Another feat for archaeology of China
and the whole world
Our job is to unearth more cultural relics and treasures
Did you catch those raiders?
Our police officers intercepted them on the highway
Look!
Greetings from some leading comrades
You can read them later
I have to hurry back to the site
Some urgent matters to take care of
Get some rest
Appreciate your hard work
Okay! Goodbye!
- Okay. Thanks          - Take care of him
Thank you
Bye
Professor, so many greetings
That's not what matters
What matters is we have fulfilled Wang Xuance's wish
Found the soldiers who went through ordeal with him
They were nameless fighters
But they are all part of history
Professor!
Look!
What?
Diamond of Magadha in auction next week in Dubai
Ashmita forwarded it to me
Professor, she left you a message
Jack, it's not just a diamond,
it's the key that unlocks the Magadha treasure,
we must get it back. Ashmita
Jones has committed crime of theft,
we need to get back the diamond and return it before too late
Jack,
see how well connected I am in Arabia?
When I told the prince you were my buddy,
then what happened?
He immediately invited you to the camel races
He even personally drives us there
Don't just look around. Thank the Prince
Thank you Your Highness for your hospitality
You're welcome
Look, the one with the red tag is my dad's camel
The one with the black tag is the Prince's
If your family's camel wins, what will be the prize?
Do you see those cars?
How much does one of those cost?
The winner walks away with one of those
Your family must have won many cars before
My dad's camel has never won yet...
Faster!
What is the remote control for?
Moving the whip
See? There is a whip
Hey, pal. I am not here for vacation
I know
Tomorrow
you must win the bid for the diamond for me
Go! Go!
Don't worry. Everything is ready. We will get it
- Come on!            - It is speeding up!
Your camel is foaming at the mouth and moving up
My camel is catching up!
Faster!
- Red! Red!                    - It's catching up!
- It's overtaking!         - Come on! Amazing!
Go! Faster!
I finally won!
Fantastic!
Xiaoguang, where are you?
By the pool
I don't see him here
Do you?
I find Jones
Come over quickly
Coming
So big?
How to wear it?
It is not that big
There is one two times bigger
That was the rough stone
This way please
Thank you
Ladies and gentlemen
Welcome to today's auction
The diamond that we are about to bid on today
is a staggering 212-carat one-of-a-kind treasure
Do you have to wear so little?
Everyone wears a swimsuit on the beach
What's wrong with mine?
I don't care what other people wear
But I have a problem with what you're wearing
Why are you blushing again?
90 million dollars lady in the corner. Thank you very much
- Raise it            - 90 million dollars!
We are already to 100, a million dollars to the young lady in white
110 right here in the corner
110 million dollars! Do I hear 120?
120 million dollars
- Again                - We've got 110 right now
120 million dollars! Thank you very much!
Just a second
What?
Hope nobody bids again
I don't think so, already too high
130 million dollars!
It's the Prince, Dad
The Prince?
Dad's friend
We've got 130 million dollars, do I hear 140?
The Prince is also here
Just tell him not to bid
He has more money than me
We don't have enough money in the account
I don't care!
I want the diamond!
No more bidding
150 million dollars! Gentlemen in the corner
150 million dollars!
Dad, 150 now!
We don't bid anymore
Consider it a favor to me
What favor?
If it were 1.5 million, I can help you
Now we are talking about 150 million
It is the key to the treasures...
I know
you are the best archaelogist
Can you guarantee
that you will find the treasures?
160 million dollars!
Lady in the white!
Who told you to raise the placard?
Just now didn't you tell me to hold it up?
I...
Jack!
No, listen to me
That is the diamond of Magadha Kingdom
It's also the key to the treasure
I don't want to hear it
Just wait
Maybe someone will make a bid
Sold!
Dad, you are so posh!
160 million dollars!
Oh my God!
Everybody!
Party on me! Tonight!
Randall has been outbid
I'll keep an eye on him
Okay
Sorry, sorry, sorry, everybody
The party is over
Why didn't you tell me you were coming?
Finally! We've got you!
Sorry guys, party's over
See you guys tonight!
Moon Island on me, yeah?
Oh man!
Sorry brother, I know, I'm sorry
Why did you steal the diamond?
You said you only wanted to fulfill your dad's wish
and nothing else
You archaeologists,
don't you want an item from the past to see the light again,
so people can treasure and preserve it?
The present buyer will surely treasure it
because he paid a huge price for it
Stop finding excuses
If we don't bring back the diamond
because of you, professor
will take the blame for stealing cultural relics
Don't worry
Perhaps we will find the secret behind the diamond
Now you say perhaps
That won't do
What are you guys doing here?
None of your business!
Listen to me...
What are they fighting for?
- Come here!        - What do you want!
- What is going on?          - What do you think?
My hand...
Dad!
Jack!
Jack! They want to take my stuff!
Jack! Help!
Watch out!
My hand...
Jack!
Come on!
Jack! Hit this low life!
My hand...
Go!
Don't hit me!
For you!
I'll get the key
- I'm unlocking it! Jack!          - Shut up!
- I'm opening it!          - Just open it!
- I'm opening it!          - Shut up!
- I'm doing it! It's open!          - Just open it!
Kid! Grab the box! Run!
Hurry!
Dad!
Don't give it to me!
Take it!
Run!
- Give me that!         - Don't hit me! For you
My heart!
Dad!
- What's wrong with your heart?          - Dad!
Go!
How's your heart?
You broke my heart!
Look after your father!
Dad, you okay?
My 160 million dollars!
Stop!
They took the diamond!
Professor is going after them!
- What?         - They are at the lobby!
- Let's go. Quick!         - Come quickly to the entrance!
Boss!
Go! Go!
Get in!
Just go!
Hold on please
Line up and follow each other
What's wrong with you!
Excuse me
Sorry!
Professor!
What's wrong with you! Come back!
- Where to find a car?          - Find a car!
Find a car
Park it well
Where did they go?
We have a car! Quick!
- Can you drive it?        - Go find your own car, quick!
I have a car!
- Great! Go!          - That one!
Calling Station, two super cars are travelling at high speeds in wrong direction
Nice Kitty!
Can you speak Mandarin?
As-salamu alaykum
Patrol 511, multiple cars are travelling along Sheikh Zayed Road
in reverse
Head towards Abdullah Street to block them
Hold on!
Just hit it!
You okay?
You speak English?
Calling station, the hummer is armed
we are heading towards Marina Bay
Xiaoguang, step on it
Be careful
Don't panic...
What are you doing?
My car door!
Come help me step on the gas pedal
What will you do now?
Get back the diamond for your dad
Okay!
Take it easy brother. Peace be upon you
Don't get mad! No matter what
Jack!
I got it
Good job
Patrol 511, road block has been setup at the intersection bridge
Shit!
Professor!
A big Tibetan Mastiff!
Lion!
- It's a lion?          - It's a lion!
Nice kitty
Jackie?
Same name like mine?
Little Jackie!
Uncle Jack!
Uncle Jackie...
Little Jackie!
Jack!
Where is the diamond?
We lost it again!
Don't get off the car
Little Jackie! How are you?
A 160-million-dollar rock went up in smoke just like that
Look! Kid,
when will you transfer the money back to my account?
I saw the one on the motorbike who took the diamond
It was Ashmita!
She set us all up
Never expected her to be a bad person
It's hard to say yet who is bad or good
A person must be responsible for his or her own action
Give back the money
This is what I like to hear
You hear it?
Even if you pay me back the 1.6 million,
there is still buyer's premium from the auction
I am still losing money
I will go to find her in India
I will need to report to the police station
Heaven knows how much more to pay for damages
Any progress on Xiaoguang's and Jones' visas?
They just got theirs. Will be here tomorrow
The hall is divided into three parts
and consists of nine bold arches
They used red sandstone and is plastered with white shell plaster
- Coco, it's been a while!     - Nuomin!
Professor, this is Jiang Wen
Professor, how are you?
Hi, foreign student here?
Yes, I am from Beijing, doing postgraduate research in history
I am also Professor Ashmita's Chinese tutor
Excuse me, Doctor
Professor Chan from China
Please to meet you
Honour to meet you
Nice meeting you!
Nice to meet you!
And you've come all the way from China
Yes
Is that you?
Yes, that's very much me
But the one I met in China...
I know who you're talking about!
Class dismissed!
Thank you Madam
Please come, come with me
This way
In order to find you
She had to pretend to be me
Truthfully she is the 68th generation descendant of Princess Gitanjali of Magadha
Princess?
This is a big garden
She lives here by herself? Wonderful!
Here comes our Princess, Professor Chan
Professor
Say something
Welcome to India, Jack
There's no need for that. I've come for the diamond
Jack, thank you for helping me find it
I know what I did was wrong and I'm sorry
But I had no other way of making sure you'd come to India
After all, you're China's greatest archaeologist
Just one of them
Would you mind coming over?
Sure
Please sit
Jack
Meet my sister
She is not your assistant?
No, I'm her younger sister
Hello
Hi
Jack, we need you
Help us use the diamond to solve the mystery of the Magadha treasure
What's so special about this diamond?
Jiang Wen, could you please explain it to him in Chinese?
My pleasure
Eye of Shiva. Whoever possesses it shall possess the entire world
After Shiva was reincarnated,
his Third Eye remained in the mortal world
Legend has it that it is the key to Magadha imperial treasures
A thousand years ago, Arunasva mutinied and usurped the throne
What he was really after were the imperial treasures
This diamond was most vital
Who's that guy in the ice cave and Dubai?
Why does he want the diamond too?
That's Randall. The last descendant of Arunasva
Are there any other clues?
Yes
Ever since this diamond was mined,
it was set on the scepter that symbolized Magadha's supreme power
So diamond and scepter were one unity
But how it can open the door to the treasures?
We're still trying to figure that out
Jack, do you like your outfit?
Yes. Just a little bit tight
It's time to pick up Jones
Right, you'd better hurry. We contact each other later
Okay
See you
This is the clue I was talking about
This is the Amala Temple
It was built during the Vedic period
Legend says that the Magadha treasure
is somewhere inside one of the 27 temples
Every year during the festival of the Sun God, the “Path of the Light“ is revealed
I'm sure if we could find the pathway
it will lead us to the treasure
But the festival is tomorrow
Vedic designers made temples according to astronomical principles
There's a book about this. We can start from there
Vastu Shastra
The oldest book ever written about architectural design
And I know where to find it
Strange
What?
Why isn't it centered?
In ancient India, people combined architecture and astronomy
What is King Harsha zodiac sign?
Gemini
Wait!
Look! That's Amala Temple
Look! The lines match up with constellation Draco! See?
So it means it's not Gemini
Thuban. What's that mean?
It means the head of the serpent
The northern pole star of the constellation Draco
I think the path to the Magadha treasure
is located at the temple that matches the star
But according to the map, it's the smallest temple
King Harsha might have done this to hide something
That's a good guess
But we still need to prove it
Wait. Let me take a photo
Okay
Ashmita and professor have found some clues
and want us to meet them here
This is the most popular local bazaar
with traditional performing artists
That dude will surely get a sore throat
I know about this one
That is the...Indian rope trick
You seem to know quite a lot
This is a traditional trick handed down from ancient India
When Wang Xuance served as an envoy to the western regions,
his memoir A Journey to Central India also mentioned it
How did he do that?
Indian magic
Bravo!
He will climb up the rope?
Come with me and you won't get hurt
Go!
Help!
no more Rope Trick
Go
Snakes
I hate snakes!
Got you!
Jack!
- Jack!     - Professor!
Jack! Help me!
Jack!
Move on
Come with me or I will get you
You want it back?
Throw at him!
Jones!
You okay?
Alright?
Don't move!
Go!
- Uncle Jack! Uncle Jack!   - Stay right there
Kick!
- Get in!     - No!
Come on! Let's go
Lucky that I got delayed by my visa
Or else we'd all be snatched
Watch closely. Find out where they are kept
Hello Jack. Boss is waiting for you
And you, you have to stay in the car
Please come with me
Jack
Welcome to my humble oasis
Let me show you around
Actually, you look better without them
Oops...he discovered out about Professor's gadget
Let these guys play with your toys
Look! How noble they are!
Aren't they so beautiful
Jack
People say the lion is the king of all beasts
I disagree
Jack, these small, ugly little creatures,
there's something special about them you know
They never lose their objective
Jack! Help!
They wait, hungry, and attack
when the time comes
A pack of them can take…
any lion
What do you want?
You know, our ancestor has sacrificed their life for collecting the treasure of Magadha
But her family has been hiding that from us for past one thousand year
I want it back, Jack
Take it. Let them go
I don't care about the diamond
I care about you
helping me, open that treasure
I don't know if I can
Aren't you the greatest archaeologist in China?
Just one of them
The treasure belongs to the world, not to one man's life
The origin is not destroyed. Everything is empty
The material is not different from the immaterial
The immaterial and the material are one and the same
Stop!
Professor
Sorry for interrupting you
You know, Buddhism left India for China two thousand years ago
And it's no longer in fashion here
Open it
or they die
No, no...
I'm a little worried. I go in to have a look
Be careful!
So I guess the professor's not going to save us now, huh?
We'll find a way
How?
I mean, I know you're smart, but how?
I'm gonna die!
Hey, c'mon
We're all going to die. Everybody dies
But I'm gonna die now!
I don't wanna die now
Stop crying. Come on
Hey look
You are having a running nose now, come on
- Yah I know       - Stop crying
I need help...
Help you with... with your nose?
Yeah
Make you feel better?
More...
Jones!
Xiaoguang?
Come get us out!
How?
Come down, pull up the cage
I come down?
Yes
Okay, just a minute
Xiaoguang, what are you trying to do?
I go down to help them
Too many hyenas down there
I can see they are all she-hyenas
They should love...
Tender fresh meat!
Watch out
Xiaoguang, behind you... in front of you!
This is for you
Brilliant, Xiaoguang
Come on, let's go
Don't let go
Guys, hurry up!
Oh no
No no no...
Come on
I got you
Ouch! Easy
Good doggy
Jones
Jones! Jones!
Bad dog!
Really bad dog!
So strong!
She's so strong!
Jones, help me!
Jones, help!
Xiaoguang!
Grab my hand! Help me!
Hold tight!
- Don't let go!      - She took a snap at me!
- She bit me! My fresh meat!     - I got the belt
Help!
My tender fresh meat!
Bless you! That way
What should we do?
Ferocious!
- Jump!    - Me next!
Xiaoguang!
Now what?
We will get out
the same way you got in
When Xiaoguang asks you to run to him
You run as fast as you can, got it?
Okay
I'll distract them
Come here
Run!
Find a way to get to Xiaoguang!
Okay
Run!
There you go!
Quick!
Come on, let's go
Faster, Jones, faster!
Step on me!
Look out!
Xiaoguang, come up here!
Watch out!
Hold tight!
She bit me
- It's okay. Don't let go!     - Give me your hand
It's fine now
- You okay?      - It's fine now
Okay
You're bleeding
It hurts!
Will it cause infection?
Can you suck it the blood out for me?
No way. You'd better go to hospital
Don't even bother to ask her
- Let's go     - What?
Okay
Come, let's go, go
Do we have a plan?
Just figuring it out
Look
This is the Temple of Thuban
Can we go in?
I don't think so
Yes, we can
Follow me
Come on, move
Please don't wear the shoes
Please go out
You're right
Take care of him
Get him out of here
You two, open the gate, let's go
These are the constellation of the ancient India
Give me the sceptre
Give it
I love Indiana Jones!
Are you kidding?
Are we going to wait for the sunlight?
Technology!
Put the light up there
Turn on the light
Here are the 27 signs of the zodiac
Twenty Seven?
In ancient India, there were 27. You didn't know that?
What's your sign?
Aries
Ashwini, Bharani, Krittika... These three make up Aries
Stop boring me with your silly superstitions
Just focus
Gemini
Hold tight!
Oh my God!
Be quiet
Okay
Don't move
I'm sorry
I'm sorry, too
Oh shit!
Don't move
Good! It's gone
Thanks
Jack!
How could you do this to me?
I promised that I'd return the diamond
Jack!
Another one?
It's the same one!
Same one?
Jack!
Jack! Do something!
Sorry!
Jack!
Hold tight!
I can't!
Don't let go!
Okay! You're safe!
- Yeah, I'm okay, Jack          - Don't worry!
Did you see the cave?
Where?
- Okay? I count to three!         - Okay, okay
Go
- Three!           - What?
You okay?
Just hold on. You okay?
Namo Amitābha
I think... maybe there's a way out
Okay
Come
Come on
Here. Boss
Are you guys having fun?
Yeah
I... I like...
We like... rock climbing
You go first
Follow him
Yes Sir
Jack!
Guys
Guys!
Don't go... don't go yet
Don't leave me up here
This is for what really has value today
This is passion, devotion, dedication
No one can do this anymore
Light it up!
Right! Let's go!
Guys! Get the gear. Let's start
What are you doing? What are you doing?
Stop!
Please!
Respect history...
Go, go, go...
Hey Jack
Do you know how much the global gold reserve is?
It's 32 thousand tons
And this is much more than that
And of course
We have all these boxes full of treasure
Open the cases
Take it easy
Guys!
Hey guys!
Can you help me down?
Let me figure it out
We'll come back to you
Please don't go
Please don't go, man
Don't leave me here
What is this stuff?
Useless!
No gold inside
What are you doing?
This is about medicine
This one is Buddhism
You just don't get it!
He who possesses of the Eye of Shiva possesses the whole world!
But it never meant power and money
This is the knowledge and wisdom to help people live better lives
The modern world was built by these ideas
You're just too blind to see it!
We are living in the modern world and this is all rubbish!
This is a treasure
It has the power to transform all of us
Now, according to Indian law...
Don't try to teach me the law of my country
I know it better than you
And don't you forget, Jack
I follow the law of nature
Only the strong survive
Hey! Somebody's down there
We have company, guys!
Just take care of it!
Let's go
Do you know why this bridge is broken?
The sea of bitterness has no bounds
Turn your head to see the shore
What is all this bullshit...!
Run!
No!
Come on
Never touch a woman's hair!
Come
This way
Go! Go...
Jack!
Leave her alone!
Really? You worry about yourself!
"Eighteen strokes to subdue the dragon"
"Eighteen kicks to tame the tiger"
Bodhidharma, from India!
"Mystical kicks in succession"
Chinese Kung Fu!
If you kick my legs again
The girl dies
Don't kick him
Gotcha!
Good kick!
Don't you dare!
I told you the treasure doesn't belong to you
It belongs to the whole world
It belongs to the people
Perfect
Put it down
Honey!
You okay?
Yah, you?
I'm fine
Good